RHIDP-4807: Third-party plugin installation in RHDH (#733)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/dynamic-plugins/assembly-install-third-party-plugins-rhdh.adoc

[id="assembly-install-third-party-plugins-rhdh"]
= Installing third-party plugins in {product}
:context: assembly-install-third-party-plugins-rhdh

You can install a third-party plugins in {product} without rebuilding the {product-very-short} application.

> The location of the `dynamic-plugin-config.yaml` file depends on the deployment method. For more details, refer to xref:proc-config-dynamic-plugins-rhdh-operator_rhdh-installing-rhdh-plugins[] and xref:con-install-dynamic-plugin-helm_rhdh-installing-rhdh-plugins[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location of the `dynamic-plugin-config.yaml` file depends on the deployment method. For more details, refer to xref:proc-config-dynamic-plugins-rhdh-operator_rhdh-installing-rhdh-plugins[Installing dynamic plugins with the {product} Operator] and xref:con-install-dynamic-plugin-helm_rhdh-installing-rhdh-plugins[Installing dynamic plugins using the Helm chart].
```
These links are broken in the GitHub preview...I'm not sure if adding the section heading will resolve the issue.

Plugins are defined in the `plugins` array within the `dynamic-plugin-config.yaml` file. Each plugin is represented as an object with the following properties:

* `package`: The plugin's package definition, which can be an OCI image, a TGZ file, a JavaScript package, or a directory path.
* `disabled`: A boolean value indicating whether the plugin is enabled or disabled.
* `integrity`: The integrity hash of the package, required for TGZ file and JavaScript packages.
* `pluginConfig`: The plugin's configuration. For backend plugins, this is optional; for frontend plugins, it is required. The `pluginConfig` is a fragment of the `app-config.yaml` file, and any added properties are merged with the {product-very-short} `app-config.yaml` file.

[NOTE]
====

> You can also load dynamic plugins from a plain directory, though this is intended for development or testing purposes and is not recommended for production, except for plugins included in the {product-very-short} container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also load dynamic plugins from another directory, though this is intended for development or testing purposes and is not recommended for production, except for plugins included in the {product-very-short} container image.
```
I'm not sure what a 'plain' directory is or if it has any significance in this context :-)
